Depth-first search, or DFS for short,
is another uninformed search algorithm.
Like the name suggests,
depth-first search searches deep before it searches broadly.
If we go back to our search tree,
you can see this in action.
Instead of commencing at the top node and searching level by level,
DFS will explore the start nodes first child and then that nodes
first child and so on until it hits the lowest leaf in this branch.
Only then will DFS backup to a node which had
more than one child and explore this node second child.
After a few steps of searching through the tree,
the nodes would have been searched in this order,
once again, starting with node number one at the top of the tree.
If you were to continue searching with a depth-first search algorithm,
can you identify on which steps the search algorithm would
reach the nodes labeled A, B, and C?